doc: nfc: clean up documentation (#2245)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/nfc/tnep/tag.rst

.. _tnep_tag_readme:

TNEP for tag device
###################

The tag library provides functionality to implement the Tag NDEF Exchange Protocol (TNEP) for an NFC tag.

The tag library is used in the :ref:`nfc_tnep_tag` sample.

Initialization
**************

Before using the tag library in a tag application, you must configure the NDEF message buffers and define the TNEP services.

Configuring NDEF message buffers
================================

The tag library communicates with the tag using NDEF message buffers.
The buffers are initialized all at the same time by :cpp:func:`nfc_tnep_tag_tx_msg_buffer_register`.

To use the NDEF message buffers, you must configure the following elements:

* Provide a pointer to two TX buffers - one for emulating the NDEF message and one for encoding the new NDEF message.
* Set a maximum buffer size in bytes, which is valid for both buffers.

The buffers must be linked with the tag layer in the application.

When the polling device writes a new NDEF message to the tag buffer, the application must inform the tag library by calling :cpp:func:`nfc_tnep_tag_rx_msg_indicate`.

Defining TNEP services
======================

> TNEP services are capabilities and features provided to the adjacent upper layer.

Author: What does "adjacent upper layer" mean? Adjacent to what?

Reviewer: Probably this means that services provides their features to application which is some kind of upper layer

Author: Rewrote the section a bit - please check.

The service table is given to the :cpp:func:`nfc_tnep_tag_initial_msg_create` function and the Service Parameter record of each service is inserted into the initial TNEP message.
A Service Parameter record contains parameters for communicating with the service.

See the following code for an example of service definition and TNEP initialization:

.. code-block:: c

	#define NFC_TNEP_TAG_SERVICE_DEF(service_name, uri, uri_length, mode, t_wait, n_wait, mac_msg_size
								 select_cb, deselect_cb message_cb, timeout_cb, error_cb)

	NFC_NDEF_MSG_DEF(ndef_msg, 16);

	static struct nfc_tnep_tag_service services[] = {
		NFC_TNEP_TAG_SERVICE(service_name),
	};

	nfc_tnep_tx_msg_buffer_register(buffer, swap_buffer, buffer_length);

	nfc_tnep_init(event, event_cnt, &NFC_NDEF_MSG(ndef_msg),
		      nfc_txt_rw_payload_set);

	nfc_tXt_setup();

	nfc_tnep_tag_initial_msg_create(services, ARRAY_SIZE(services), NULL, 0);

	nfc_tXt_emulation_start();

Configuration
*************
After initialization, the tag library is in the Service Ready state and the NDEF message buffer contains Service Parameter records provided with the initial TNEP message.

> The initial TNEP message can also include optional NDEF records that can interact with the polling device that does not support the protocol.

Author: Not sure I understand. Is this in case you are using a polling device that does not support TNEP?

Reviewer 2: Yes, the Poller will simply skip records that it does not understand (in this case TNEP records).

> The initial TNEP message can also include optional NDEF records that can interact with the polling device that does not support the protocol.

Reviewer 2: My suggestion:

```suggestion
The initial TNEP message can also include NDEF records that are not related with TNEP. The polling device, which does not support TNEP, will still be able to interact with them.
```

Make sure to call the :c:func:`nfc_tnep_tag_process` function in an infinite loop in the application.

Receiving new messages
**********************

When a new NDEF message appears in the buffer and it contains a Service Select record, the application can select this service.
To do this, the application should inform the tag library of the service by calling :cpp:func:`nfc_tnep_tag_rx_msg_indicate`.
The tag library will then change its state to Service Selected.

> From that point, the service decryption message will not longer be provided.

Reviewer: It should point to TNEP Initial NDEF Message. It might be worth to change this description to make it easier to understand. But If service will be deselected then Tag return to Initial Message

> From that point, the service decryption message will not longer be provided.

Author: I don't understand - can you make a suggestion?

.. _tnep_tag_readme:

TNEP for tag device
###################

This library provides an implementation of the Tag NDEF Exchange Protocol (TNEP) for an NFC tag device.

It is used in the :ref:`nfc_tnep_tag` sample.

Initialization
**************

Before using the TNEP library in an NFC tag application, you must configure the NDEF message buffers and define the TNEP services.

Configuring NDEF message buffers
================================

> The tag library communicates with the tag using NDEF message buffers.

Author: With "tag emulation library", do you mean the Type 2 Tag or Type 4 Tag library in nrfxlib?
We don't use that term there anymore, but we could add a link here to clarify.

> The tag library communicates with the tag using NDEF message buffers.

Reviewer 3: Hmm it is referring to the Type 4 Tag library, but just wanted to avoid this: "The tag library communicates with the tag" which I find confusing. This "Tag library" is a simplified term for the "TNEP Tag library". That is what needs to communicate with the Type 4 Tag lib from nrfxlib. So, yes let's add the link to the Type 4 Tag lib clarify

The buffers are initialized all at the same time by :cpp:func:`nfc_tnep_tag_tx_msg_buffer_register`.

To use the NDEF message buffers, you must configure the following elements:

> * Provide a pointer to two TX buffers - one for emulating the NDEF message and one for encoding the new NDEF message.

Reviewer 3: @KAGA164 is this correction OK?
